This repository contains document artifacts for an inforamtion exchange for Well Log observations. The artifacts include an Excel Workbook that defines and documents the content model, and an XML schema that implements the model.

For the workbook, each record describes one well log observation. An individual borehole may have a variety of associated. The logs may be represented by scanned images (TIF, PDF, JPG), or as digital data, with a series of measured values as a function of depth (LAS, XLS). If more than one representation is available for a log, these should be recorded as different 'distributions' of the same resoruce.
This workbook describes a content model for well log observation features. Each log observation is indexed by a point feature that locates the map location and elevation of the origin of the well bore from which the log was obtained. The well log observation record describes the log (type, top and bottom of logged interval) and provides links to representations of the actual log data, which typically will be either a paper copy, scanned image, or LAS file. In some cases the log may be represented in an Excel Spreadsheet. A separate content model (Borehole Log Data) is provided for a digital data representation of the log. The content model includes basic information describing the well and well bore from which the log was obtained for use in search and filtering to discover logs of interest. Each row in the WellLogObservationContent sheet in this workbook will correspond to an individual log from a borehole; thus there may be multiple rows per well. For logs that are scanned or digitized and available as online resources, Scanned File URLs will be provided. The WellBoreURI for the loggedwell boreis the cross-referencing link (foreign key) used to associate the header record, well log records, temperature measurements, and other information from a particular borehole. 

Version 0.8 has been approved and is currently in use in deployed service. 2013-03-07
